Add get_job_run_error to Admin API tool list (#7965)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/about-mcp.md

- `retry_job_run`: Retry a failed job run to attempt execution again
- `list_job_run_artifacts`: List all available artifacts for a job run (manifest.json, catalog.json, logs, etc.)
- `get_job_run_artifact`: Download specific artifact files from job runs for analysis or integration

> - `get_job_run_error`: Retrieves error(s) that causes a job run to fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_job_run_error`: Retrieves error details for failed job runs to help troubleshoot errors
```
